57 files. Three migrations (0019, 0020, 0021_cross_match.sql).

DELETE after unzipping — stale, breaks the typecheck:
  src/client/src/components/PdfPreview.tsx

Then:  npm install && npm run build && npm run verify

CROSS MATCH — now has its screen
  Laboratory sidebar > Cross match. Its own tab rather than a button on the
  work list, because a cross match is not a test somebody ordered and paid
  for at the counter: it is a check run against a bag of blood, with a donor
  on one side who is not a patient of the hospital at all. Radiology does not
  see the tab.

  The list shows every report with a green or red result badge, searchable by
  patient, MRN, donor or blood bag number.

  New cross match: find the patient, fill in the donor, five screening
  answers, two phases. Everything defaults to what is written nearly every
  time, so a normal report is a name, a bag number and Save.

  Three things it says out loud:
   * the conclusion, shown live and derived from the two phases — never typed
   * a blood group or RH mismatch between donor and patient, as a WARNING not
     a block, since O negative to anybody is deliberate
   * a positive screening result, in red, saying the bag should not be issued

  Saving prints the PDF straight away.

  npm run verify:crossmatch — 22 assertions, no server needed.

ALSO IN HERE
  Report filenames as "Sami Ullah LAB-000351.pdf".
  WhatsApp button beside each finished report (half-automatic — see below).
  Report access per login, per-PC printers, department reports, new charts.

WHATSAPP IS HALF-AUTOMATIC
  It saves the PDF and opens the patient's chat with the message written. YOU
  DRAG THE FILE IN. WhatsApp Web takes a number and a line of text from a
  link and nothing else; there is no attachment parameter, by design. Fully
  automatic needs the WhatsApp Business API, which needs internet.

VERIFIED
  npm run verify passes every offline check on a copy of your tree:
  typecheck, 72 renders, translations, tabs, print, cross match, roles, LAN.
  Build clean. Both cross match PDFs generated and read back.

  The thirteen HTTP suites still could not run here — my sandbox lost its
  loopback networking. Run `npm run verify` with the server up.
